## Algorithms & Data Structures Narrative
For the algorithm and data structure project, I took a series of separate scripts relating to manipulating a specific csv file. In this case, the csv file refers to a decently large collection of bids from an auction. The original project was from somewhere close to early 2019. This final project included creating an interface to use all of the different scripts, prevention against improper user inputs, and presenting the data structures and algorithms in a way that valuable information could be produced for business decisions.<br/> 
For my final project for my capstone class for my degree, there had to be proof of the use and manipulation of different data structures using algorithms. This project hit that directly on the nose, so I figured it was beneficial to showcase the work. This project made evident the value of data structures and building appropriate and meaningful algorithms around those structures. The different structures show the importance of encapsulation, while the algorithms show the benefits and time associated with using different types of algorithms.<br/>
In the beginning, there was no structure to this project. Each data structure script was written separately so the entire project appeared meaningless. Issues arose in the logic as the pieces were brought together into one program. Through proactively and meticulously investigating each point of the program, I was ableto uncover and rectify errors associated with user-inputs. There may be more errors that have not been uncovered, but that can be checked and altered through continuous testing.<br/> 
